This manual gives basic information for operating the Nab Online Analysis GUI.

For the errors look in the terminal where you opened the onlineanalysis program.


Before moving to other tabs in the GUI, make sure to start in the Main Window tab. Here you should begin by setting your local path by either manually typing your path into the first textfield, or by selecting the appropriate path using the SelectFolder button. Next, select the desired run number by typing the number into the second textfield. The 
program should automatically save last used directory and run number.  The final step in the Main Window tab is to press the LoadData button.

This should show the statistics for Run and current subrun.


Also Once the loadData is pressed the program will automatically search for new subruns for the current subrun and update summary.

Now, you are free to move to the next tab!
Detector tabs:
We now move to the Detector tab. Here, we begin by first pressing the LoadData button. It should update the pixhits plots(Run:XXXX and SubRun), showing TOTAL hits on the detector. 
If particular type of hits are not present in the file, change hit type by next
dropdown menu.

Now you can select the channel, with the last dropdown menu, here '0' means all
the channels.
For selected channel if you see any hit in the pixhit plot, and if you select
that channel, it should update energy plot, single trace, and multiple traces.
If there are no hits on that channel then, it will just show some random events.

##### ENERGY PLOT SHOWS ONLY TRIGGERED EVENTS AND NOT DIFFERENT EVENT TYPE#######

You can use 'Back', 'Next' and 'FreeRun' buttons to change the number of event
to see, also you can enter the event as number to see it. That menu is in the
third row.

The second row menu on Detector tabs let you put cut on the energy. It shows the
events on the detector based on its energy selected by entering in 'min' and
'max' entry box and pressing loadenergycuts. The energycuts are updated in the 
subRun pix hit plot.


Analysis Tab:
Here you press getTearDrop and you get all the relevant plots.

Time Evolution Tab:
This looks at the data with time. 
It is mainly the coincidence data to look for protons incident with time.
You can select a channel number or look at all the channels at same time.

This Manual is the text file: ~/software/nabonlineviewer/manual.txt



